Welcome to this module in this module.
It's finally time to connect our back end to a real database for this purpose we will use Mongo D.B.
and Mongoose to manage this connection between our backend and Mongo TB and probably continue.
Make sure to dive into the refresh module all as a part of this course in case mongoloid TB and Mongoose
are totally new to you.
If you know the basics of these tools already then you can continue.
And in this module will then have a look at how we can define or Mongoose models because mongoose is
all about models.
This means we will have to create a place model and a user model.
Both models will define the general structure of these so-called documents stored in our model TB database.
Besides that we'll also have a look at CRUD operations for our places and our users crud stands for
Create read update and delete.
And these are typically operations you have to do if you want to interact with a database finally.
We'll also have a look at the relation between places and users.
We will establish a connection between these two because if we for example create a new place then this
place should be allocated to a specific user.
This logic is missing so far.
Therefore it is time to implement it and prove that.
Let's dive into this module.